with a 90 meter long banner and with
a new hymn to Turin
success in the derby on the stands before
of the match that perhaps eliminates the bianconeri
from the race to the championship
bettega what do you expect from that
which will probably be your last
derby maybe will be the last one also for
Body bands will be a duel between two who
I don't expect ice like all of them
games we go on the field to win
if possible a great satisfaction for
close these targets well
derby a particular magic word
even for an iron sergeant like her
mother of you know that just look at the
I cheer the audience in this race
I would say that it is a very special thing
the script is exalting of the
stracittadina proposes in the first half
a shrewd juventus but squandered and in the
shooting a turin so haunted by
hypnotize your opponents
awakening they discover three goals in five
minutes to passive bonini with bettega between
the few Bianconeri at the height of
previous performances propitiate a goal
red off for offside at
fourteenth platini serves boniek
corpus bands naively touches short
for terraneo and rossi it hits look
what the boy is up to
whisper bearzot
while gradually climbing into the chair
dossena of the village grenade driver
does not take advantage of the favorable opportunity
the juventus is pungent in the game of
Terraneo garage removes the danger
red at the 35th foul suspect on
bonino but i don't know inside he saw
outside but for me it was said and we have
did he give a goal now
we have second time trying to
recover
certainly all the plans are skipped
tactical
now we will try to win the game
bersellini predicted a rival decline boni
which pierces a golden ball at the twentieth
the Polish finally pulls out fancy e
power zaccarelli the earth and causes the
penalty
platinium more nervous than other times before
wrong and then remedied with a feat
traction turin sprinter
back there is not
at the 25th galbiati the free hands a
dossena the ball of 2 1
the twenty-seventh beruatto the fullback
left gives bonesso entered into
place of villages the sphere of 2 to 2
at the 29th vande corpus the other fullback
sends on the right steering wheel of torrisi
the ball of 3 to 2 at the height of a
drunk growing juventus
convinced that she had already won , she sat down
and the Turin athletically in conditions
splendid the mercilessly punished
broke a comeback that has
an incredible satisfaction
personal what is certain is that
teams trained by bersellini don't
they never give up
no this time was very important
be able to achieve this result
we have shown it especially
the last ten minutes in the second
time attacking and then materializing
these three beautiful networks and there is
really recharge given the morale for
continue this audience is
fabulous kind defense champion of the
world that collects three goals within
four minutes as possible but there is
was a bit of naivety then we say
we have suffered a little pressing of the
torino on some occasions I am also
were lucky, however, they deserved
the championship is over
at this point I really think so
and beautiful I do not ask you
there were 20 of them
nothing nice even a referee warns
the atmosphere of the derby
I leave you alone I have already spoken
thank you enough